#Yung_Prof

I changed navbar brand to something more related to law

I organized all files into folders

I updated fontawesome source from 4 to 5.2.0


Ike is the managing partner, head of the firm.

Joseph is a lawyer, will send his full name later.

Chioma Oyehara is also a lawyer with the firm.

Monica Ekeh is and admin staff, and PA to Ike.

Robina is also an admin staff, in charge of front desk. Will get her full name later

6/11/2018:
 1. I removed some folders and took the files to the roots and made appropriate link changes
 2. Changed all files to php.
 3. Please check all links I might have missed and fix, for both pages and images.
 4. Remember the image changes to black and white and the new logo.
 5.The single bio pages for team members shouldn't have the team picture please.
 6. I have ssent him a mail for contents for other practice areas  

13/11/2018:
 1. I found a way to make the links dynamic even with the includes.
    Please study "$dir" from the code or get in touch for a full explanation
    on how it works.
    All links are now with reference to the root folder. No matter which folder you
    are in, you'll write the links (href and src) as if you are in the same folder
    as index.php.
 2. Like we earlier agreed, please don't style bootstrap or fontawesome classes.
    I'll leave your styling until I run into any major issues.
 3. I've hugely repaired the file structure, there are reasons I did it the way
    I initially did it.
    Concerning the team file structure. I want it such that users will see
    http://bethany.com/team/adminstration so they know they are under the team
    category from the address bar OR http://bethany.com/adminstration/monika so
    they instantly know from the address that monica is a member of the admin.
    Hope you understand this.
 4. You are at liberty to either accept or reject the changes I have made, I will
    leave the merging to you. Kindly get in touch if you need me to correct
    anything else.
 5. More work on the navbar and banner
 6. Turn out the fontawesome styling caused me issues, I commented it out and 
    may end up removing them before pushing
 7. The social media links just before the footer is now included in the footer
    partial. The icons now animate on mouseover like you requested
 8. I made some images into the dark grayscale duotone you suggested. If you approve,
    I'll apply to other images.
 9. I've factored mobile responsiveness to the member pages, works fine now.
 10. I think I should push now.
 11. We're starting to have duplicate and redundant files (all thanks to me), I'll
     make sure to clean that up just before deployment.

